# BPK-409

In this git repository, students will find:
 1. Provided codes for the microcontroller
 2. The assignment template
 3. Example data?
  
  
#### [Course Overview](https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vTr1zOyrUedA1yx76olfDe5jn88miCNb3EJcC3INmy8nDmbJ8N5Y0B30EBoOunsWbA2DGOVWpgJzIs9/pub): 
In the Course Overview you will find general information about the course. 

#### [Unit 1 - Setup and Data Acquisition](https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vSutDkFd9_6fi6nlRRoImSaRy06N6F0huDHBphpv4k_onJisk16iiyzBDp1Ubhe6W0vBhZN3sckAqoI/pub):
The purpose of this lab is to learn how to set up the basics of the measurement system, collect the first acceleration data, and filter and analyse the data.

#### Unit 2 - Electrocardiography (ECG):

The purpose of this lab is to introduce the student to the measurements and analysis of electrical activity from a 2 lead ECG to determine heart rate, heart rate variability, and metabolic rate. 
Link here

#### [Unit 3 - Electromyography (EMG)](https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vRH3qfvMvmHBdHhg3sFQKTwo1-blg8luLXSQRhsIhEgwFj3QmWGStUhvslrVuVzP-aQ3T0YNs-lUsOz/pub):

The purpose of this unit is to introduce the student to the measurement and analysis of electrical activity generated by skeletal muscle, to determine relative muscle activation, the frequency spectrum of the activated muscle, and fatigue. 
Link here

#### Unit 4 - Activity Classification:

The purpose of this unit is to introduce the student to the basics of step counting and activity classification with accelerometers. 
Link here

#### Unit 5 - Final Project:

This will be a final project that groups can choose by themselves. Purpose description and lab manual for the final project coming soon. 
Link here





